# dsci-100-project_template
Template project repository for DSCI-100
/Introduction:
Conflict assessment framework, or “CAST”, is used alongside The Fragile States Index to assess a states vulnerability to collapse. It uses 12 different predictors to determine if states are at risk for collapse. It considers cohesion, economic, political, and social indicators. For cohesion they look at: security threats(Security Apparatus), fragmentation of state in relation to class, ethnicity, race, religion, etc.(Factionalized Elites), division of groups in the society primarily based on politics and social hierarchy (Group Grievance). For Economic factors they look at: economic decline within a country and how that affects its citizens (Economic decline and poverty), inequality within the economy(unequal economic development), the impact of human displacement on a country’s development (Human flight and brain drain). For political indicators they look at: the relationship between a government and its citizens (state legitimacy),  services provided by the government that are essential for example healthcare and education (Public services), whether or not basic human rights and freedoms are protected (human rights and rule of law). For social factors: pressures imposed by society or the environment for example availability of food and water (demographic pressures), the pressures placed on states when their citizens are forced to seek refuge during social or political unrest (Refugees and IDPs),  out of country assistance for a government in regards to funding and military aid (External intervention). Our question is can we predict if a country is at high or low risk of collapse based on selected variables. 

print("Hello!")

